# AssetParentConnectionSignature

A signature generated by a device connector with its private key. Signature is passed to leaf device connectors to authenticate connectivity between devices.
## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**class_id** | **str** | The concrete type of this complex type. Its value must be the same as the &#39;objectType&#39; property. The OpenAPI document references this property as a discriminator value. | [readonly] 
**object_type** | **str** | The concrete type of this complex type. The ObjectType property must be set explicitly by API clients when the type is ambiguous. In all other cases, the  ObjectType is optional.  The type is ambiguous when a managed object contains an array of nested documents, and the documents in the array are heterogeneous, i.e. the array can contain nested documents of different types. | 
**device_id** | **str** | The moid of the parent device registration. | [optional] 
**node_id** | **str** | The node identity of the parent device, corresponds to the parents ClusterMember.memberIdentity. Used on connect to establish through which device in a cluster the child is connected through. | [optional] 
**signature** | **str** | The result of signing the deviceId appended with the timeStamp fields with the devices private key. | [optional] 
**time_stamp** | **datetime** | The time at which the signature was generated. Date is accurate to Intersights clock. Used to expire the signature. | [optional] 
**any string name** | **bool, date, datetime, dict, float, int, list, str, none_type** | any string name can be used but the value must be the correct type | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


