# WorkflowTaskInfo

Task instance which represents the run time instance of a task within a workflow.
## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**class_id** | **str** | The concrete type of this complex type. Its value must be the same as the &#39;objectType&#39; property. The OpenAPI document references this property as a discriminator value. | [readonly] 
**object_type** | **str** | The fully-qualified type of this managed object, i.e. the class name. This property is optional. The ObjectType is implied from the URL path. If specified, the value of objectType must match the class name specified in the URL path. | [readonly] 
**description** | **str** | The task description and this is the description that was added when the task was included into the workflow. | [optional] [readonly] 
**end_time** | **datetime** | The time stamp when the task reached a final state. | [optional] [readonly] 
**failure_reason** | **str** | Description of the reason why the task failed. | [optional] [readonly] 
**input** | **bool, date, datetime, dict, float, int, list, str, none_type** | The input data that was sent to the task at the start of execution. | [optional] [readonly] 
**inst_id** | **str** | The instance ID of the task running in the workflow engine. | [optional] [readonly] 
**internal** | **bool** | Denotes whether or not this is an internal task.  Internal tasks will be hidden from the UI within a workflow. | [optional] [readonly] 
**label** | **str** | User friendly short label to describe this task instance in the workflow. | [optional] [readonly] 
**message** | [**[WorkflowMessage]**](WorkflowMessage.md) |  | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | Task definition name which specifies the task type. | [optional] [readonly] 
**output** | **bool, date, datetime, dict, float, int, list, str, none_type** | The output data that was generated by this task. | [optional] [readonly] 
**ref_name** | **str** | The task reference name to ensure its unique inside a workflow. | [optional] [readonly] 
**retry_count** | **int** | A counter for number of retries. | [optional] [readonly] 
**running_inst_id** | **str** | The instance ID of the task that is currently being executed. When retrying a workflow with failed tasks, the task in workflow engine will have a new instance ID, but the task may still be in-progress. In this case, the task instId reflects the instance ID in the workflow engine, while runningInstId reflects the instance ID of the instance that is currently being executed. | [optional] [readonly] 
**start_time** | **datetime** | The time stamp when the task started execution. | [optional] [readonly] 
**status** | **str** | The status of the task and this will specify if the task is running or has reached a final state. | [optional] 
**task_inst_id_list** | [**[WorkflowTaskRetryInfo]**](WorkflowTaskRetryInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**sub_workflow_info** | [**WorkflowWorkflowInfoRelationship**](WorkflowWorkflowInfoRelationship.md) |  | [optional] 
**task_definition** | [**WorkflowTaskDefinitionRelationship**](WorkflowTaskDefinitionRelationship.md) |  | [optional] 
**workflow_info** | [**WorkflowWorkflowInfoRelationship**](WorkflowWorkflowInfoRelationship.md) |  | [optional] 
**account_moid** | **str** | The Account ID for this managed object. | [optional] [readonly] 
**create_time** | **datetime** | The time when this managed object was created. | [optional] [readonly] 
**domain_group_moid** | **str** | The DomainGroup ID for this managed object. | [optional] [readonly] 
**mod_time** | **datetime** | The time when this managed object was last modified. | [optional] [readonly] 
**moid** | **str** | The unique identifier of this Managed Object instance. | [optional] 
**owners** | **[str]** |  | [optional] 
**shared_scope** | **str** | Intersight provides pre-built workflows, tasks and policies to end users through global catalogs. Objects that are made available through global catalogs are said to have a &#39;shared&#39; ownership. Shared objects are either made globally available to all end users or restricted to end users based on their license entitlement. Users can use this property to differentiate the scope (global or a specific license tier) to which a shared MO belongs. | [optional] [readonly] 
**tags** | [**[MoTag]**](MoTag.md) |  | [optional] 
**version_context** | [**MoVersionContext**](MoVersionContext.md) |  | [optional] 
**ancestors** | [**[MoBaseMoRelationship], none_type**](MoBaseMoRelationship.md) | An array of relationships to moBaseMo resources. | [optional] [readonly] 
**parent** | [**MoBaseMoRelationship**](MoBaseMoRelationship.md) |  | [optional] 
**permission_resources** | [**[MoBaseMoRelationship], none_type**](MoBaseMoRelationship.md) | An array of relationships to moBaseMo resources. | [optional] [readonly] 
**display_names** | [**DisplayNames**](DisplayNames.md) |  | [optional] 
**any string name** | **bool, date, datetime, dict, float, int, list, str, none_type** | any string name can be used but the value must be the correct type | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


